 1. Find hardware devices which can export regular RAM as HDD. Please provide details, how these devices work and how they can be accessed from Linux.
 2. Find a hardware device that can store more than 6 HDDs and can be directly attached to controller on a machine.
 3. Write down the commands needed to create, mount and unmount an encrypted partition. Why have you selected the technology you have used?
 4. Write down the commands needed to create, mount and unmount an encrypted directory. Why have you selected the technology you have used?
 5. Write down the commands needed to create, mount and unmount an encrypted file system within a file. Why have you selected the technology you have used?
 6. Write down the commands needed to create SW RAID10 with 4 SATA drives. How will you add one more drive as hot-spare?
 7. Write down the commands needed to create SW RAID01 with 4 SATA drives. How will you stop one of the drives in the array and prepare it for replacement?
 8. Write down the commands needed to create SW RAID60 with 10 SATA drives. How will you start the array on the next reboot?
 9. Write down the commands needed to create SW RAID6 with 5 SATA drives. Also where can we find information about the status of the array and what does it mean?
10. Find a tool that can be used to monitor and configure LSI RAID controller. Give one example command for monitoring and one for configuration.
11. Find a tool that can be used to monitor and configure 3were RAID controller. Give one example command for monitoring and one for configuration.
12. Find a tool that can be used to monitor and configure Adaptec RAID controller. Give one example command for monitoring and one for configuration.
13. Find a tool that can be used to monitor and configure DELL(PERC) RAID controller. Give one example command for monitoring and one for configuration.
14. Write down the commands needed to create an LVM snapshot of a drive. Also explain the disk usage requirements for the the snapshot.
15. Describe the difference between the hash functions (tea, yura or r5) used in ReiserFS.
16. Write a protofile for use with mkfs.xfs to create a file system on 20 GB partition.
17. Find all possible command line tools related to XFS administration (at least 5).
18. Describe the procedure of marking badblocks in Ext2/3/4 FS(including the tools that are needed).
19. Describe the procedure of resizing ReiserFS.
20. Describe the procedure of replacing a HDD containing partition part of a volume group(LVM).
